add juxt (#1150)
30-seconds/30-seconds-of-code: snippets/juxt.md

---
title: juxt
tags: array,function,advanced
---

> Takes several functions as argument and returns a fn that is the juxtaposition of those fns.

Reviewer: Let's not copy the docs to the letter! :stuck_out_tongue: 
```suggestion
Takes several functions as argument and returns a function that is the juxtaposition of those functions.
```

> juxt(fn1, fn2, fn3, ...) use `Array.prototype.map()` to return a `func` that can take a variable number of `args`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Array.prototype.map()` to return a `fn` that can take a variable number of `args`.
```

Also, I think you should rename `x` in the code to `args` to be consistent with the description.

> When `func` is called, return a array containing the result of applying each fn (fn1, fn2, fn3, ...) to the `args`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `fn` is called, return an array containing the result of applying each `fn` to the `args`.
```

```js

> const juxt = (...fns) => (...x) => [...fns].map(fn => [...x].map(x => fn(x)));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const juxt = (...fns) => (...args) => [...fns].map(fn => [...args].map(args => fn(args)));
```

Couldn't the last `.map` be simplified to `.map(fn)` with `args` being implicit? Could you check that?

Author: Yeap! That's right, can be simplified.

```

```js
juxt(
  x => x + 1,
  x => x - 1,
  x => x * 10,
  x => x / 10

> )(1, 2, 3) // => [ [ 2, 3, 4 ], [ 0, 1, 2 ], [ 10, 20, 30 ], [ 0.1, 0.2, 0.3 ] ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
)(1, 2, 3) // [ [ 2, 3, 4 ], [ 0, 1, 2 ], [ 10, 20, 30 ], [ 0.1, 0.2, 0.3 ] ]
```

No need to use `=>`, also try shortening examples to 2 elements instead of 3 to make this a little easier to display on the website (maybe even trim the functions down to 2 or 3).

juxt(
  s => s.length,
  s => s.split(" ").join("-")

> )("30 seconds of code") // => [ [ 18 ], [ '30-seconds-of-code' ] ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
)("30 seconds of code") // [[18], ['30-seconds-of-code']]
```

:scissors:  the `=>`
